Reintroduce the NFT Application with Native Assets (#747)
FuelLabs/sway-applications: native-assets/NFT/README.md

    #[storage(read)]
    fn symbol(asset: AssetId) -> Option<String>;
    #[storage(read)]
    fn decimals(asset: AssetId) -> Option<u8>;
}
```

### SRC-3

The [SRC-3](https://github.com/FuelLabs/sway-standards/tree/master/standards/src_3) standard defines the ABI for minting and burning. This has been properly implemented.

```sway
abi SRC3 {
    #[storage(read, write)]
    fn mint(recipient: Identity, sub_id: SubId, amount: u64);
    #[storage(read, write)]
    fn burn(sub_id: SubId, amount: u64);
}
```

### SRC-7

The [SRC-7](https://github.com/FuelLabs/sway-standards/tree/master/standards/src_7) standard defines the ABI for retrieving metadata. This has been properly implemented. 

A set function that uses storage has been provided to allow the user to set their own desired metadata. There is no limit or restrictions to what and the amount of metadata an asset may have.

```sway
abi SRC7 {
    #[storage(read)]
    fn metadata(asset: AssetId, key: String) -> Option<Metadata>;
}
```

## Project structure

The project consists of a smart contract.

<!--Only show most important files e.g. script to run, build etc.-->

```sh
NFT
├── project

> │   ├── contracts

Reviewer: We need to add this back in and change the project structure for CI to pass, not to remove it from here and leave it as `contracts/src`

Author: bruh

<p align="center">
    <picture>
        <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset=".docs/nft-logo_white.png">
        <img alt="light theme" src=".docs/nft-logo_black.png">
    </picture>
</p>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://crates.io/crates/forc/0.46.1" alt="forc">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/forc-v0.46.1-orange" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://crates.io/crates/fuel-core/0.20.4" alt="fuel-core">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/fuel--core-v0.20.4-yellow" />
    </a>
</p>

## Overview

> A non-fungible token (NFT) is a unique token that has a maximum supply of one. On the Fuel Network, all NFTs are [Native Assets](https://fuellabs.github.io/sway/v0.46.1/book/blockchain-development/native_assets.html). They are commonly associated with artwork / collectibles however there are many greater utilities beyond that which have yet to be written for the Fuel Network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A non-fungible token (NFT) is a unique token that has a maximum supply of one. On the Fuel Network, all NFTs are [Native Assets](https://docs.fuel.network/docs/sway/blockchain-development/native_assets). They are commonly associated with artwork / collectibles however there are many greater utilities beyond that which have yet to be written for the Fuel Network.
```

The link isn't 1-to-1 so check it out first. The docs portal is currently a minor version behind too. We're trying to push people towards the portal though.

Also, your link leads to a 404 for me

    fn decimals(asset: AssetId) -> Option<u8>;
}
```

### SRC-3

The [SRC-3](https://github.com/FuelLabs/sway-standards/tree/master/standards/src_3) standard defines the ABI for minting and burning. This has been properly implemented.

```sway
abi SRC3 {
    #[storage(read, write)]
    fn mint(recipient: Identity, sub_id: SubId, amount: u64);
    #[storage(read, write)]
    fn burn(sub_id: SubId, amount: u64);
}
```

### SRC-7

The [SRC-7](https://github.com/FuelLabs/sway-standards/tree/master/standards/src_7) standard defines the ABI for retrieving metadata. This has been properly implemented. 

A set function that uses storage has been provided to allow the user to set their own desired metadata. There is no limit or restrictions to what and the amount of metadata an asset may have.

```sway
abi SRC7 {
    #[storage(read)]
    fn metadata(asset: AssetId, key: String) -> Option<Metadata>;
}
```

## Project structure

The project consists of a smart contract.

<!--Only show most important files e.g. script to run, build etc.-->

```sh
NFT
├── project
│   ├── contracts
│   │   └── NFT-contract
│   │       └──src/main.sw
│   └── SPECIFICATION.md
├── ui
│   └── SPECIFICATION.md

> └── README.md

Reviewer: This looks to be out of date or rather the project structure in this PR does not conform to this
